Uh, Mr. Jiang, I'm the president of the Li Group
Li Jinke before?
We met at the cocktail party
What shit Lee
Never heard of it
I didn't decide
Are you with them?
This is my girlfriend.
Girlfriend?
Isn't this little cripple's mother?
Ah, not the father of this little cripple
Why did I become your girlfriend again?
These two
Ex-wife ex-wife
Uh, Mr. Jiang, this injustice has a head and a debt
What's that?
What a shit council group
I have never heard of it, and it is also worthy of the young master to give me face.
But you mother and daughter
I can give you some face
As long as you stay with me for one night
I'm done talking, I don't care
How is it, hahahahaha?
Damn it!
Forgot about you bastard
sir
I haven't been beaten like this since I was a kid
I tell you today you still have you
I'm going to break your hands and legs
Let you see that ex-wife with your own eyes
And how your daughter was played by me
Bastard business
Do you still think the trouble is not big enough?